{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs48 The SWCA Annual BBQ Is Almost Here!\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b0\fs24 A final, friendly reminder that you're invited to join us for an evening of community, great food, and fun.\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs32 The Details\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs24 \b When:\b0\line Monday, August 11th, 5:30 PM \– 7:30 PM\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Where:\b0\line \i New Location!\i0\line Williamstown Historical Museum\line 32 New Ashford Road (Route 7), Williamstown, MA\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs32 Food & Drinks\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs24 \b What We're Grilling:\b0\line Classic Hot Dogs, Hamburgers & Cheeseburgers, Hearty Veggie Burgers. All served with buns and condiments.\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b What to Bring:\b0\line Please bring a side dish to share! (And please remember a serving utensil!)\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Thirst Quenchers:\b0\line We'll have water, iced tea, and lemonade. Feel free to BYOB.\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs32 Fun & Festivities\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs24 \b All-New Cake Raffle!\b0\line Bring cash for a chance to win one of 10 delicious cakes and pies! The drawing is at 6:30 PM (winners must be present). Proceeds benefit the Williamstown Food Pantry & SWCA.\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Live Music & Games\b0\line Enjoy live music by the fantastic \b Rosin the Beaux\b0 , plus games and good company.\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs32 How You Can Help\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs24 \b Volunteers Make It Happen!\b0\line We have just a few spots left. If you can lend a hand, please sign up here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.signupgenius.com/go/10C0549A8A92AA3FDC07-57343555-swca#/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 Click Here to Volunteer}}}\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs32 Parking Information\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs24 On-site parking is available, plus at the Store At Five Corners and Bloedel Park.\par\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs28 We can't wait to celebrate with you on Monday!\par}